You spent so much time in this course and now it's
all coming together. You've got your great local
development set up. You've got these great Dockerfiles that
now work in production. You're a Compose Master.
Now, we're going to be talking about deploying to
production and what concerns you need to have with Node.js
specifically, as well as common problems that people
deploying containers for the first time might have in
production that will help you with Node.js.
Node.js is often used for Web frameworks, Web apps, so
there is some bonus stuff in here around that specific
problem using HTTP proxies, and
HTTP connection shutdowns, and stuff like, that
maybe won't be for every Node.js app.
But, certainly a large percentage of the
Node.js apps out there are Web protocol based using
HTTP.
You're going to be learning some of that stuff including
when not to use Compose in production.
When to use something like Swarm or Kubernetes to learn
about orchestration for Node.js, and some of those concerns
like proxies in connection management.
Then how to replace those in production because, of course,
once you deploy your app, you've got to replace it
eventually with a new version.
Then, looking at some sample files even around Docker
Swarm and Kubernetes in case you're going to look at
orchestration later on.